Vue & React: Clarify Inline Object Warning Wording (#8310)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/40 Component Configuration Syntax/12 Properties of the Object Type.md

        }
    }

> [important] To avoid issues caused by excess re-renders, do not define inline objects in markup. Use configuration components or assign variables to object properties instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[important] To avoid issues caused by excessive re-rendering, do not define inline objects in markup. Use configuration components or assign variables to object properties instead.
```
